Updated api.specification.md to adhere to gatsby style guide (#18311)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/api-specification.md

graphql schema -> create pages -> compile component queries -> run queries ->
fin

> Once the initial bootstrap is finished a `webpack-dev-server` will be started, and an express server for serving files for the development server, and for a production build, first is starting to build a CSS then JavaScript then HTML with webpack.

Reviewer: How's this? It makes the sentence a bit more active and adds some detail.
```suggestion
Once the initial bootstrap is finished, a `webpack-dev-server` and express server are started for serving files for the development workflow with live updates. For a production build, Gatsby skips the development server and instead builds the CSS, then JavaScript, then static HTML with webpack.
```

Author: thanks for the suggestion, i had commited that :pray:
